SOAR-411: Hash Enrichment via Teams (#127)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Enrich_File_Hash_with_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

# Description

> Initiate and receive VirusTotal URL scan reports with the Microsoft Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initiate and receive VirusTotal URL scan reports with Microsoft Teams.
```

Sample Microsoft Teams Trigger Commands:

`!hash_lookup 9de5069c5afe602b2ea0a04b66beb2c0`

`!hash_lookup 02699626f388ed830012e5b787640e71c56d42d8`

`!hash_lookup 275a021bbfb6489e54d471899f7db9d1663fc695ec2fe2a2c4538aabf651fd0f`

# Key Features

* **Easily Enrich Indicators** - Investigate suspicious file hashes without leaving the comfort of your Microsoft Teams window.
* **Respond Rapidly** - Give your teams a head start on shutting down phishing attacks by automating routine tasks during investigations.

# Requirements

* [Microsoft Teams](https://insightconnect.help.rapid7.com/docs/microsoft-teams) connection

# Documentation

## Setup

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect.
Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

> After importing, activate the workflow in order to trigger it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After importing and activating the workflow, execute the bot command to trigger it e.g. `!hash_lookup <hash>`
```
